---
type: page
title: Is Selecty compatible with GDPR?
seoTitle: Is Selecty compatible with GDPR?
seoDescription: Quick Answer
slug: is-selecty-compatible-with-gdpr
order: 2
status: published
---

Articles on: [Selecty](/en/category/selecty-1bapbjb/)

# Is Selecty compatible with GDPR?

### Quick Answer

  

Selecty is fully ****compliant with GDPR regulations****. We recommend reviewing this article, where we’ve answered the most frequently asked questions.

  

In this article:

*   [What data is processed?](#1-what-data-is-processed)
*   [What is the purpose of processing this data?](#1-what-is-the-purpose-of-processing-this-data)
*   [Is Cloudflare involved in data processing?](#1-is-cloudflare-involved-in-data-processing)
*   [What is the legal basis for processing?](#1-what-is-the-legal-basis-for-processing)
*   [Do you store any data?](#1-do-you-store-any-data)
*   [Do you use cookies or tracking technologies?](#1-do-you-use-cookies-or-tracking-technologies)

  

# ✔️ What data is processed?

  

When Selecty is used, the following technical data may be processed:

  

*   Visitor IP address
*   Timestamp of the request
*   User-Agent headers (browser and device information)
*   Resource requested (font file)

  

# ✔️ What is the purpose of processing this data?

  

This data is processed solely ****to deliver the required static assets**** (fonts, images, scripts) necessary for the correct operation of the storefront interface generated by the app.

  

Fonts used by the app are served from a CDN domain operated by us as part of the app’s infrastructure. From a GDPR perspective, we act as a data processor or sub-processor on your behalf. This processing is covered by our Data Processing Terms and should also be reflected in your store’s Privacy Policy.

  

# ✔️ Is Cloudflare involved in data processing?

  

Yes. Cloudflare processes the mentioned above technical data on our behalf to ensure efficient and secure delivery of static content. Cloudflare automatically determines the server location closest to the visitor. This process is ****not controlled by us****.

  

# ✔️ What is the legal basis for processing?

  

Processing is carried out in accordance with GDPR under the following legal bases:

  

*   “Performance of a contract” (Art. 6(1)(b))
*   “Legitimate interest” (Art. 6(1)(f))

  

# ✔️ Do you store any data?

  

We ****do not collect or store**** any personal data.

  

# ✔️ Do you use cookies or tracking technologies?

  

No, ****we don’t use cookies or tracking technologies****. Fonts and static assets are delivered without the use of cookies, tracking, or profiling technologies.

  

# ✔️ Useful links

  

In our Help Center you can also find what [privacy and permission you will grant for Selecty during the installation](/what-privacy-and-permission-do-i-grant-for-selecty-during-the-installation) and a list of the [accessibility principles](/is-selecty-compliant-with-accessibility-regulations) we use in our work.

  

Updated on: 18/02/2026